I have now for the driver's cab
here are a few diapers brought because
Unfortunately, they were too small for the body
the size 2
then I need a few more that we
but now again 14 pieces would
with twelve to go so we need
then in total then that was now then
84 pieces then we need one of the
do not rug the tree and do not do that now
out and wrap those 14 diapers
Now I just beat that and
is doing exactly like the body
as hard as possible outside that I then
one may have a bit
Grossmann cotton blanket hit always
So my middle so this cloth here
this tree wolbecker had the name
wanted to
if I am not now
now on the sides
Here we need the big paper clips
will probably synonymous with this movie
I do the big ones and work
Although we are now proposing a visa
me down
this will be the front of the cab
you will not see the pages later
and also behind you can see later
actually and now again
I 'll hit the two sides first
and then have it above and below then
I bag your sides and here
Now I can do the lower and the upper
half with these simple staples
scrapbooks and that holds too
actually you can now
you choose the nicer side and
we have our car there at media front
I'm putting this all right here now
I still have one third
can stand a little bit more like this
wonderful so now where the cab
we need one of the wbc pulls
for formula 1 are so and the lay
Let's just get on top of that
cab on it you can also
bit underneath to put their
want and apolda side
of course also under
shutter
I wish you to have others in front
and here with you like that
now we need the other one
cotton cloth that I hold now only
the long narrow strip and the
now comes up here with me as
conclusion here is the bib there
down in there is our leader
associates have tinkered here
behind is the second bib there and
Here's what this cloth now once
here below it is plugged
I'm sticking fast down here now
with tesafilm a bit
and when will this tape deco about
which brings me a nice one up here
grinder can do
So that's our day
kink is not quite in the middle but that
I can still call from the front with the
lights we have the cab
loop on top of it then come down
of course, even ours
tinkered wheels then the loading area
you can also do little things here
put on it for example
baby bottle or you could too
a trailer tinker with a basket
for example , you just need it
again as a set forests where
then just put baskets on top
can and can then fill it
with general against accessories
before I forget you still have it
a few baby so child come here
drive
then you are stuck between the sides
just between big ones that kinda
because it works
because that's your outdoor game and then
the other one here
so I will now probably be
make hot again and here in the
a little bit around google that me
A click to get that mine
outside mirror also nice and beautiful
stand aside I hope you liked it
and would be glad if you are in the
comment the load a lot of fun and
Congratulations to the parents
I say now from the spot we see
us next gate again